>> Steve Kinney: Your mission is
to kind of see roughly how many
of these you can get through.
I'll remind you that we've got
this user event here as well.
Just remember if you're using user event,
they've got to be async/await, right?
But try your hand and if one feels like
a stopping point, I give up on it and
try a few out and let's see,
where pain was felt, where it was easy.
And we'll kind of talk
about it as a group and
then we'll dig into the parts where
it hurt and clarify those up, right?
Again, this is your first time doing this.
No pressure, but we wanna figure out
where thes sticking points were, and
then we'll kind of hyper-target those,
then me expounding greatly in
all these little examples.
We got a few ones that will
be straightforward, and
some might present some
interesting challenges to us.
Were there any, let's start with an easy
one and then I'll kinda pose the question,
if there's any that were of
particular interest as well, but
let's start with one that is not too
dissimilar from what we had previously.
It displays days plural
when the count is zero.
So one thing I can do,
is I was smart enough to make just that
word wrapped in a test ID go past me.
So give me a suggestion in that case,
it says get by text days, that works.
In this situation, you could see
a world where that becomes problematic,
though, right?
That's a pretty generic one,
I'm gonna go with my Test ID in this case.
It is saying that because this
is the only element on the page.
But you could also see a world where
the word days appears more than once
on a page.
So, I am gonna go with
the counter unit that I created.
Thank you for the suggestion,
testing playground.
I will respectfully ignore you,
>> Steve Kinney: Cool,
so we've mounted on the page, so I can do,
in this case is const unit, I don't know.
>> Steve Kinney: And
we can say that we expect that unit.
>> Steve Kinney: Do I have text content,
days, plural, all right,
three paths in this case.
All right, let's try this one
because this is the first time we're
going to like interact
at all with the DOM.
Any other fun ones before we do that?
No, I mean, we could do these,
but let's do this next one.
Cool, cool, want to increment when
the increment button is clicked, so
what are we gonna need?
We're gonna need the increment button,
and so we can go ahead say.
>> Steve Kinney: And this is where you
could set up some stuff in the before each
to make it easy to grab these things,
I don't know.
Generally speaking, every time I have
gotten particularly clever with my code in
my task, I tend to regret it.
Because, again,
if you think about the use case in which
you are looking at these tests after,
like, when you're writing them, sure,
sure, sure you're looking at them, right?
When the next time you're gonna look
at this test is after you write it,
when it's broken.
And sometimes it's kind of nice just
to have everything in one place, right?
For instance, we might, just choose to
do this in each one of the tests,cuz
then it's very clear what component we're
looking at, everything along those lines.
That is really kind of at your discretion
thing, but what I don't want you to do is
just be like, well, HESCO in the before
each because Steve put it there one time.
Steve's not even totally confident,
everything's got trade offs, life is hard,
everything that was easy and definitely
had a rule was either pushed down to
the compiler or the framework, you're
left with all of the weird trade-offs.
What can it be in an engineer?
Screen, get by role, button,
and there was this one with the name.
>> Steve Kinney: Again,
this will find case insensitive,
you will see that in all of the docs.
I'll be honest with you,
a lot of times I tend to just
put the actual string in there.
But you will know which one you come
to regret more over time, cool.
So we've got that, increments
the count when the button is clicked.
So I'm also gonna need that
count that we had before.
>> Steve Kinney: So we've got that, and so
what we could do now is say, await, and
this might not work, and
we'll talk about why in a second.
>> Steve Kinney: User event,
click the increment button,
and now we can expect that the counter
>> Steve Kinney: To have text content one,
>> Steve Kinney: All right,
this one passes, I am going to talk
about a case where it might not pass and
why, which is, time is hard, right?
There are this one because we're just
like, literally changing some state.
It was fast enough that it works,
but let's say, for instance,
you were implementing a search, right?
Where person types something
in they hit the submit button.
It's almost like we have an example
of this coming up later, don't worry.
They hit the submit button,
and it sends a API request,
getting the search results back, and
it renders it on the page, right?
It's not a search box,
it's a different box, but it's fine.
What could happen in this test is that
it goes to check to see if those,
like search results are on the page
before anything has been rendered right?
Which is usually just a problem when
you're using some kind of framework
that is going to try to,
like, wait for changes and
then figure out and
reconcile how to update the DOM.
If you are directly updating the DOM
real fast, everything's fine.
But if you are theoretically using
some kind of framework, you might end
up in the situation where you've got to
wait for the DOM to re-render, right?
And so this one works, but I'm gonna
show you what to do if it doesn't,
which is for
all of the various framework libraries.
There is this other one called act, which
again, if you remember the three parts of
our test, the arrange, the act, also known
as the word I forgot earlier, and assert.
This is basically do all these things and
then wait for a re-render.
And then you can go look for
things on the page, and
there's some other ways we can handle
this in a moment that I'll show you.
So you could theoretically say, and
that will take an async function too.
So basically we say, do all these things,
wait for the dom to reconcile and
then go see if the DOM changed
the way that we wanted it to.
Again, this is more useful for
things that might take a second and
have more than one cycle to them.
Okay, we had to go hit an API and
render it on the page, so
if you find yourself like, hey,
I stopped watching the course now and
immediately jumped into my app
to start writing some of these.
And then you hit brick wall,
this is more than likely
the first brick wall that you hit.
And so if you get those problems where
timing is hard, this will go ahead,
wait for everything to re-render at
a steady state after the number of
things you do in here, and
then you will continue along your way.
In this case, it works either way, which
is a good opportunity shows you rather
than letting you find out the hard way.